DCLIP-442: Add Crowd with unit/e2e tests (#315)
atlassian-labs/data-center-terraform: docs/docs/userguide/configuration/CROWD_CONFIGURATION.md

# Crowd configuration

## Application configuration

### Helm chart version

`crowd_helm_chart_version` sets the [Helm chart](https://github.com/atlassian/data-center-helm-charts){.external} version of Crowd instance.

```terraform
crowd_helm_chart_version = "1.10.0"
```

### Crowd version tag

> Crowd will be installed with the default version defined in its [Helm chart](https://github.com/atlassian/data-center-helm-charts/blob/main/src/main/charts/crowd/Chart.yaml#L6). If you want to install a specific version of Bamboo, you can set the `crowd_version_tag` to the version you want to install.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Crowd will be installed with the default version defined in its [Helm chart](https://github.com/atlassian/data-center-helm-charts/blob/main/src/main/charts/crowd/Chart.yaml#L6). If you want to install a specific version of Crowd, you can set the `crowd_version_tag` to the version you want to install.
```

    [Cluster Autoscaler](https://github.com/kubernetes/autoscaler/tree/master/cluster-autoscaler) installed in the 
    cluster will monitor the amount of required resources and adjust the cluster size to accomodate the requested cpu and memory.

### Installation timeout

`crowd_installation_timeout` defines the timeout (in minutes) for product **helm chart installation**. Different variables
can influence how long it takes the application from installation to ready state. These can be dataset restoration,
resource requirements, number of replicas and others.

```terraform
crowd_installation_timeout = 10
```

### Crowd instance resource configuration

The following variables set number of CPU, amount of memory, maximum heap size and minimum heap size of Crowd instance. (Used default values as example.)

```terraform
crowd_cpu                 = "2"
crowd_mem                 = "1Gi"
crowd_min_heap            = "256m"
crowd_max_heap            = "512m"
```

## RDS Configuration

### Database engine version

`crowd_db_major_engine_version` sets the PostgeSQL engine version that will be used.

```terraform
crowd_db_major_engine_version = "13" 
```

!!! info "Supported DB versions"

>     Be sure to use a [DB engine version that is supported by crowd](https://confluence.atlassian.com/doc/supported-platforms-207488198.html#SupportedPlatforms-Databases){.external} 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Be sure to use a [DB engine version that is supported by crowd](https://confluence.atlassian.com/crowd/supported-platforms-191851.html){.external} 
```
